

Source    : Crypto Coins News
Title     : None
Author    : Telegram Plots Record-Setting ICO that Could Raise Billions
Summary   : Get Trading Recommendations and Read Analysis on Hacked.com for just $39 per month.Encrypted messaging startup Telegram is preparing to launch a blockchain-based cryptocurrency. The project will be bootstrapped through an initial coin offering (ICO) that could shatter records with a multi-billion dollar token launch. Telegram to Launch ‘Third Generation’ Blockchain and Cryptocurrency “Gram,” which will


Source    : The Verge
Title     : Adi Robertson
Author    : A new $99 toy drone has Intel and DJI flight technology
Summary   : A Chinese startup called Ryze Tech is selling an affordable drone with technology from Intel and DJI. The $99 Tello is a tiny machine with a camera that can capture 360-degree video and stream live footage to a tablet, or to an unspecified selection of third-party VR headsets.


Source    : The Next Web
Title     : Tristan Greene
Author    : This advanced simulation engine is like driver's ed for autonomous cars
Summary   : Coganata, an Israel-based artificial intelligence startup, is showing off its simulation engine for autonomous cars at CES 2018.
What is it?
The Cognata platform is a virtual world ...


Source    : The Verge
Title     : Andrew J. Hawkins
Author    : Toyota’s ‘e-Palette’ is a weird, self-driving, modular store-on-wheels
Summary   : Deals with Amazon, DiDi Chuxing, Mazda, Pizza Hut, and Uber on mobility concept


Source    : Ars Technica
Title     : Ron Amadeo
Author    : Google rebrands all its payment solutions as “Google Pay”
Summary   : After Google Checkout, Google Wallet, Android Pay, and Google Tez, there's now Google Pay.


Source    : Wired
Title     : WIRED Staff
Author    : Byton, Tesla's Latest Chinese Competitor, Takes Screens to an Extreme
Summary   : Byton's electric car concept is heavy on flash, but has substance under the skin.


Source    : Ars Technica
Title     : Jon Brodkin
Author    : Net neutrality gaining steam in state legislatures after FCC repeal
Summary   : Nebraska and California may challenge FCC's attempt to preempt state laws.


Source    : Crypto Coins News
Title     : None
Author    : Bitcoin Price Rally Grinds to a Halt as Korea Inspects Bitcoin Exchange Bank Accounts
Summary   : Get Trading Recommendations and Read Analysis on Hacked.com for just $39 per month.A resurgent bitcoin price saw its rally grind to a halt on Monday following a report that South Korean regulators tasked with combating money laundering and terrorist financing would probe bank accounts belonging to domestic cryptocurrency exchanges. Bitcoin Price Rally Grinds to a


Source    : Ars Technica
Title     : Peter Bright
Author    : Kaby Lake-G unveiled: Intel CPU, AMD GPU, Nvidia-beating performance
Summary   : New hybrid chips should offer a compelling alternative to discrete GPUs.


Source    : Engadget
Title     : Roberto Baldwin
Author    : Toyota introduces e-Palette, its mobile retail space
Summary   : The news of CES is mobility and Japanese automaker Toyota isn't about to be left out. At the annual consumer electronics conference the company that brought us...


Source    : The Next Web
Title     : Rachel Kaser
Author    : Looxid VR headset with eye trackers wins innovation award
Summary   : CES 2018's first wave of innovative new tech is hitting the shore early, before the show officially starts tomorrow. Among the
What is it?
Looxid Labs' virtual reality headset won ...


Source    : The Next Web
Title     : Tristan Greene
Author    : This pint-sized battle robot packs enough power to knock you out
Summary   : Pilot Labs, a Chinese robotics company perhaps best known for making cute robots, is shifting gears with its newest entry: the Zeus battle robot.
What is it?
Zeus is a 35.5cm (14 ...


Source    : The Verge
Title     : Chris Welch
Author    : LG’s new 4K OLED and Super UHD TVs add Google Assistant, Alexa, and an even better picture
Summary   : LG’s 2018 TVs look largely similar to their 2017 predecessors. The best one you can buy is still the Signature “wallpaper” TV that mounts to your wall with most of its guts in a soundbar that sits beneath the ultra-thin screen.


Source    : Engadget
Title     : Jon Fingas
Author    : LG's 2018 4K TVs include AI and smarter HDR
Summary   : LG has taken the wraps off of its 2018 4K TVs, all of which pack deep learning and adaptive HDR.
